what's going on everybody my name is
Matt Atari and I am so geeked right now
I am I am so happy why am I happy you
probably already know from the title but
earthbound forever what is it bound
forever well chances aren't you clicked
on this video because you want to find
out and I am here to deliver so let's
just get started so apparently amazon
has put the first of all amazon has been
like tried and true with all their leaks
in the past they leaked smashed or and
smash brothers for for the wii u they
leaked stage builder and smash brothers
for for the wii u and now they are here
again with yet another week and it is
earthbound forever so apparently amazon
has put up a description for a februari
edition of game informer that appears to
leak a game called earthbound forever
and it looks to be a wii u title that
bumbles all earthbound and mother titles
including a new earthbound game called
earthbound to that is said to be sick
asato itõs last project oh my god if you
guys follow earthbound as much as i do
it is it's crazy shikha taught chika
sato et toi said he was never going to
be released any of the things he said he
just they were best left untouched
because he felt like they are the best
work that he could probably do and this
is incredible i I'm so happy right now
so I mean this may seem too good to be
true but game informer has revealed some
pretty big titles in the past so I'm not
taking this rumor too lightly but I'm
not gonna like be too skeptical about it
you know I mean I'm just gonna keep it
there I'm gonna Tim just gonna take this
news and run with it and I'm not running
back until this game comes out alright
down forever is rumored to be released
in 2016 and it could be a dyke first
sure it would be the huge step forward
that the earthbound franchises needs
like for people to be like wow
earthbound is such a great game because
everybody who owns a Wii U or a Super
Nintendo or an emulator i mean i know
the earthbound games were pretty pricey
but anybody who has a wii u and has ten
dollars the spare needs to play
earthbound because it is such a great
game i am so happy guys thank you for
watching this video big shout out to the
mad Treecko for hooking me up with this
information stay awesome man you are so
awesome I am too
so grateful you shared this with me
you're the best so thank you guys so
much for watching if you enjoyed this
video if you found this information
helpful just like earthbound as much as
I do because I'm pretty freaking geeked
right now guys please like the video
because I am enjoying bringing this to
you guys as much as you were enjoying
taking this information and why not
support your fellow gamer and subscribe
to my channel I can't even talk right
now I'm so happy for so I can continue
to make more earthbound forever
informational videos as well as an earth
balance be that RLS play that's coming
in the future and by the future I mean
probably in a week or so so thank you
guys so much for watching my name is
Matt Atari and thank you for watching I
just said that bop goodbye good day good
piece by side are fuzzy pickles I don't
know I'm gonna stop talking now